[Doc] Make doc code snippet testable [7/n] (#36960)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-observability/user-guides/ray-tracing.rst

Tracing
=======

> To help debug and monitor Ray applications, Ray integrates with OpenTelemetry to make it easy to export traces to external tracing stacks such as Jaeger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help debug and monitor Ray applications, Ray integrates with OpenTelemetry to facilitate exporting traces to external tracing stacks such as Jaeger.
```
